README.md, before:

[jReject](http://jreject.turnwheel.com/) - jQuery Browser Rejection Plugin
================================

Created by Steven Bower
TurnWheel Designs (2009-2013)

Concept based on "IE6 Upgrade Warning" library.

View doc.html for documentation and examples, or
visit [jreject.turnwheel.com](http://jreject.turnwheel.com/)

**Versions**: Supports jQuery 1.4+
Tested on 1.9 and 2.0.0-beta1

Licensing:
-----------------
This library is dual licensed under the MIT and GPLv2 licenses.

Default Options:
-----------------
	options = {
		reject : { // Rejection flags for specific browsers
			all: false, // Covers Everything (Nothing blocked)
			msie5: true, msie6: true // Covers MSIE 5-6 (Blocked by default)
			/*
			 * Possibilities are endless...
			 *
			 * // MSIE Flags (Global, 5-8)
			 * msie, msie5, msie6, msie7, msie8,
			 * // Firefox Flags (Global, 1-3)
			 * firefox, firefox1, firefox2, firefox3,
			 * // Konqueror Flags (Global, 1-3)
			 * konqueror, konqueror1, konqueror2, konqueror3,
			 * // Chrome Flags (Global, 1-4)
			 * chrome, chrome1, chrome2, chrome3, chrome4,
			 * // Safari Flags (Global, 1-4)
			 * safari, safari2, safari3, safari4,
			 * // Opera Flags (Global, 7-10)
			 * opera, opera7, opera8, opera9, opera10,
			 * // Rendering Engines (Gecko, Webkit, Trident, KHTML, Presto)
			 * gecko, webkit, trident, khtml, presto,
			 * // Operating Systems (Win, Mac, Linux, Solaris, iPhone)
			 * win, mac, linux, solaris, iphone,
			 * unknown // Unknown covers everything else
			 */
		},
		// What browsers to display and their order
		display: ['chrome', 'firefox', 'safari', 'opera', 'gcf', 'msie'],
		browserShow: true, // Should the browser options be shown?
		browserInfo: { // Settings for which browsers to display
			firefox: {
				text: 'Mozilla Firefox', // Text below the icon
				url: 'http://www.mozilla.com/firefox/' // URL For icon/text link
			},
			chrome: {
				text: 'Google Chrome',
				url: 'http://www.google.com/chrome/'
			},
			safari: {
				text: 'Safari 5',
				url: 'http://www.apple.com/safari/download/'
			},
			opera: {
				text: 'Opera 12',
				url: 'http://www.opera.com/download/'
			},
			msie: {
				text: 'Internet Explorer 9',
				url: 'http://www.microsoft.com/windows/Internet-explorer/'
			},
			gcf: {
				text: 'Google Chrome Frame',
				url: 'http://code.google.com/chrome/chromeframe/',
				// This browser option will only be displayed for MSIE
				allow: { all: false, msie: true }
			}
		},

		// Header of pop-up window
		header: 'Did you know that your Internet Browser is out of date?',
		// Paragraph 1
		paragraph1: 'Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with '+
					'our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be '+
					'found below.',
		// Paragraph 2
		paragraph2: 'Just click on the icons to get to the download page',
		close: true, // Allow closing of window
		// Message displayed below closing link
		closeMessage: 'By closing this window you acknowledge that your experience '+
						'on this website may be degraded',
		closeLink: 'Close This Window', // Text for closing link
		closeURL: '#', // Close URL
		closeESC: true, // Allow closing of window with esc key

		// If cookies should be used to remmember if the window was closed
		// See cookieSettings for more options
		closeCookie: false,
		// Cookie settings are only used if closeCookie is true
		cookieSettings: {
			// Path for the cookie to be saved on
			// Should be root domain in most cases
			path: '/',
			// Expiration Date (in seconds)
			// 0 (default) means it ends with the current session
			expires: 0
		},

		imagePath: './images/', // Path where images are located
		overlayBgColor: '#000', // Background color for overlay
		overlayOpacity: 0.8, // Background transparency (0-1)

		// Fade in time on open ('slow','medium','fast' or integer in ms)
		fadeInTime: 'fast',
		// Fade out time on close ('slow','medium','fast' or integer in ms)
		fadeOutTime: 'fast',

		// Google Analytics Link Tracking (Optional)
		// Set to true to enable
		// Note: Analytics tracking code must be added separately
		analytics: false
	};

Run On load (Default Options):
	$(function() {
		$.reject();
	});

Commit message:

Update to explicitly allow browser+version combinations

README.md, after:

[jReject](http://jreject.turnwheel.com/) - jQuery Browser Rejection Plugin
================================

Created by Steven Bower
TurnWheel Designs (2009-2013)

Concept based on "IE6 Upgrade Warning" library.

View doc.html for documentation and examples, or
visit [jreject.turnwheel.com](http://jreject.turnwheel.com/)

**Versions**: Supports jQuery 1.4+
Tested on 1.9 and 2.0.0-beta1

Licensing:
-----------------
This library is dual licensed under the MIT and GPLv2 licenses.

Default Options:
-----------------
	options = {
		reject : { // Rejection flags for specific browsers
			versionallow: false, //override if you intend to explicitly enable by browser+version only
			all: false, // Covers Everything (Nothing blocked)
			msie5: true, msie6: true // Covers MSIE 5-6 (Blocked by default)
			/*
			 * Possibilities are endless...
			 *
			 * // MSIE Flags (Global, 5-8)
			 * msie, msie5, msie6, msie7, msie8,
			 * // Firefox Flags (Global, 1-3)
			 * firefox, firefox1, firefox2, firefox3,
			 * // Konqueror Flags (Global, 1-3)
			 * konqueror, konqueror1, konqueror2, konqueror3,
			 * // Chrome Flags (Global, 1-4)
			 * chrome, chrome1, chrome2, chrome3, chrome4,
			 * // Safari Flags (Global, 1-4)
			 * safari, safari2, safari3, safari4,
			 * // Opera Flags (Global, 7-10)
			 * opera, opera7, opera8, opera9, opera10,
			 * // Rendering Engines (Gecko, Webkit, Trident, KHTML, Presto)
			 * gecko, webkit, trident, khtml, presto,
			 * // Operating Systems (Win, Mac, Linux, Solaris, iPhone)
			 * win, mac, linux, solaris, iphone,
			 * unknown // Unknown covers everything else
			 */
		},
		// What browsers to display and their order
		display: ['chrome', 'firefox', 'safari', 'opera', 'gcf', 'msie'],
		browserShow: true, // Should the browser options be shown?
		browserInfo: { // Settings for which browsers to display
			firefox: {
				text: 'Mozilla Firefox', // Text below the icon
				url: 'http://www.mozilla.com/firefox/' // URL For icon/text link
			},
			chrome: {
				text: 'Google Chrome',
				url: 'http://www.google.com/chrome/'
			},
			safari: {
				text: 'Safari 5',
				url: 'http://www.apple.com/safari/download/'
			},
			opera: {
				text: 'Opera 12',
				url: 'http://www.opera.com/download/'
			},
			msie: {
				text: 'Internet Explorer 9',
				url: 'http://www.microsoft.com/windows/Internet-explorer/'
			},
			gcf: {
				text: 'Google Chrome Frame',
				url: 'http://code.google.com/chrome/chromeframe/',
				// This browser option will only be displayed for MSIE
				allow: { all: false, msie: true }
			}
		},

		// Header of pop-up window
		header: 'Did you know that your Internet Browser is out of date?',
		// Paragraph 1
		paragraph1: 'Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with '+
					'our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be '+
					'found below.',
		// Paragraph 2
		paragraph2: 'Just click on the icons to get to the download page',
		close: true, // Allow closing of window
		// Message displayed below closing link
		closeMessage: 'By closing this window you acknowledge that your experience '+
						'on this website may be degraded',
		closeLink: 'Close This Window', // Text for closing link
		closeURL: '#', // Close URL
		closeESC: true, // Allow closing of window with esc key

		// If cookies should be used to remmember if the window was closed
		// See cookieSettings for more options
		closeCookie: false,
		// Cookie settings are only used if closeCookie is true
		cookieSettings: {
			// Path for the cookie to be saved on
			// Should be root domain in most cases
			path: '/',
			// Expiration Date (in seconds)
			// 0 (default) means it ends with the current session
			expires: 0
		},

		imagePath: './images/', // Path where images are located
		overlayBgColor: '#000', // Background color for overlay
		overlayOpacity: 0.8, // Background transparency (0-1)

		// Fade in time on open ('slow','medium','fast' or integer in ms)
		fadeInTime: 'fast',
		// Fade out time on close ('slow','medium','fast' or integer in ms)
		fadeOutTime: 'fast',

		// Google Analytics Link Tracking (Optional)
		// Set to true to enable
		// Note: Analytics tracking code must be added separately
		analytics: false
	};

Run On load (Default Options):
	$(function() {
		$.reject();
	});
